---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_kubernetes_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Data source for Kubernetes cluster in MGC
---

# mgc_kubernetes_cluster (Data Source)

Data source for Kubernetes cluster in MGC

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mgc_kubernetes_cluster" "cluster" {
  id = mgc_kubernetes_cluster.my_cluster.id
}

output "cluster" {
  value = data.mgc_kubernetes_cluster.cluster
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Cluster's UUID.

### Read-Only

- `addons_loadbalance` (String) Flag indicating whether the load balancer service is enabled/disabled in the cluster.
- `addons_secrets` (String) Native Kubernetes secret to be included in the cluster during provisioning.
- `addons_volume` (String) Flag indicating whether the storage class service is configured by default.
- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) List of allowed CIDR blocks for API server access.
- `cidr` (String) Available IP addresses used for provisioning nodes in the cluster.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the node pool.
- `controlplane` (Attributes) Object of the node pool response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--controlplane))
- `created_at` (String) Creation date of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `enabled_bastion` (Boolean) Indicates if a bastion host is enabled for secure access to the cluster.
- `enabled_server_group` (Boolean) Indicates if a server group with anti-affinity policy is used for the cluster and its node pools.
- `kube_api_disable_api_server_fip` (Boolean) Enables or disables the use of Floating IP on the API Server.
- `kube_api_fixed_ip` (String) Fixed IP configured for the Kubernetes API Server.
- `kube_api_floating_ip` (String) Floating IP created for the Kubernetes API Server.
- `kube_api_port` (Number) Port used by the Kubernetes API Server.
- `message` (String) Detailed message about the status of the cluster or node.
- `name` (String) Kubernetes cluster name.
- `node_pools` (Attributes List) An array representing a set of nodes within a Kubernetes cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools))
- `project_id` (String, Deprecated) (Deprecated) Unique identifier of the project where the cluster was provisioned.
- `region` (String) Identifier of the region where the Kubernetes cluster is located.
- `state` (String) Current state of the cluster or node.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the internal subnet where the cluster will be provisioned.
- `updated_at` (String) Date of the last modification of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `version` (String) The native Kubernetes version of the cluster.
- `zone` (String) Identifier of the zone where the Kubernetes cluster is located.

<a id="nestedatt--controlplane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `controlplane`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date of creation of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk attached to each node.
- `disk_type` (String) Type of disk attached to each node.
- `flavor_id` (String) Unique identifier for the Flavor.
- `flavor_name` (String) Name of the Flavor.
- `id` (String) Node pool's UUID.
- `labels` (Map of String) Key/value pairs attached to the object and used for specification.
- `max_replicas` (Number) Maximum number of replicas for autoscaling.
- `min_replicas` (Number) Minimum number of replicas for autoscaling.
- `name` (String) Node pool name
- `node_image` (String) Operating system image running on each node.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of replicas of the nodes in the node pool.
- `security_groups` (List of String) Name of the security group to define rules allowing network traffic in the worker node pool.
- `state` (String) Current state of the node pool or control plane.
- `status_messages` (List of String) Detailed message about the status of the node pool or control plane.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags applied to the node pool.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Property for associating a set of nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--controlplane--taints))
- `updated_at` (String) Date of the last change to the Kubernetes cluster.
- `zone` (List of String) Availability zone for creating the Kubernetes cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--controlplane--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `controlplane.taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint.
- `key` (String) Key of the taint to be applied to the node.
- `value` (String) Value corresponding to the taint key.



<a id="nestedatt--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date of creation of the Kubernetes Node.
- `flavor_name` (String) Definition of the CPU, RAM, and storage capacity of the nodes.
- `id` (String) Node pool's UUID.
- `max_replicas` (Number) Maximum number of replicas for autoscaling.
- `min_replicas` (Number) Minimum number of replicas for autoscaling.
- `name` (String) Name of the node pool.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of replicas of the nodes in the node pool.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags applied to the node pool.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Property associating a set of nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--taints))
- `updated_at` (String) Date of the last change to the Kubernetes Node.

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint.
- `key` (String) Key of the taint to be applied to the node.
- `value` (String) Value corresponding to the taint key.
