---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_kubernetes_nodepool Data Source - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Data source for Kubernetes Nodepool
---

# mgc_kubernetes_nodepool (Data Source)

Data source for Kubernetes Nodepool

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mgc_kubernetes_nodepool" "nodepool" {
  id         = mgc_kubernetes_nodepool.my_nodepool.id
  cluster_id = mgc_kubernetes_cluster.my_cluster.id
}

output "nodepool" {
  value = data.mgc_kubernetes_nodepool.nodepool
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) Cluster UUID.
- `id` (String) Nodepool UUID.

### Read-Only

- `auto_scale_max_replicas` (Number) Maximum number of replicas for auto-scaling.
- `auto_scale_min_replicas` (Number) Minimum number of replicas for auto-scaling.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.
- `instance_template_disk_size` (Number) Disk size in GB for the instance template.
- `instance_template_disk_type` (String) Disk type for the instance template.
- `instance_template_flavor_id` (String) Flavor ID for the instance template.
- `instance_template_flavor_name` (String) Flavor name for the instance template.
- `instance_template_flavor_ram` (Number) RAM in MB for the instance template flavor.
- `instance_template_flavor_size` (Number) Size in GB for the instance template flavor.
- `instance_template_flavor_vcpu` (Number) Number of vCPUs for the instance template flavor.
- `instance_template_node_image` (String) Node image for the instance template.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels attached to the nodepool.
- `name` (String) Name of the nodepool.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of replicas.
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups.
- `status_messages` (List of String) Status messages.
- `status_state` (String) Current state of the nodepool.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags.
- `taints` (Attributes List) List of taints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--taints))
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp.
- `zone` (List of String) List of zones.

<a id="nestedatt--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) Taint effect.
- `key` (String) Taint key.
- `value` (String) Taint value.
