---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_kubernetes_node Data Source - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Kubernetes"
description: |-
  Data source for Kubernetes cluster in MGC
---

# mgc_kubernetes_node (Data Source)

Data source for Kubernetes cluster in MGC

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mgc_kubernetes_node" "node" {
  nodepool_id = mgc_kubernetes_nodepool.my_nodepool.id
  cluster_id  = mgc_kubernetes_cluster.my_cluster.id
}

output "node" {
  value = data.mgc_kubernetes_node.node
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster.
- `nodepool_id` (String) ID of the node pool.

### Read-Only

- `nodes` (Attributes List) List of nodes in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes))

<a id="nestedatt--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (Attributes List) List of node addresses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--addresses))
- `allocatable_cpu` (String) Allocatable CPU.
- `allocatable_ephemeral_storage` (String) Allocatable ephemeral storage.
- `allocatable_hugepages_1gi` (String) Allocatable hugepages (1Gi).
- `allocatable_hugepages_2mi` (String) Allocatable hugepages (2Mi).
- `allocatable_memory` (String) Allocatable memory.
- `allocatable_pods` (String) Allocatable pods.
- `capacity_cpu` (String) CPU capacity.
- `capacity_ephemeral_storage` (String) Ephemeral storage capacity.
- `capacity_hugepages_1gi` (String) Hugepages capacity (1Gi).
- `capacity_hugepages_2mi` (String) Hugepages capacity (2Mi).
- `capacity_memory` (String) Memory capacity.
- `capacity_pods` (String) Pods capacity.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.
- `flavor` (String) Node flavor.
- `id` (String) Node's UUID.
- `infrastructure_architecture` (String) Node architecture.
- `infrastructure_container_runtime` (String) Container runtime version.
- `infrastructure_kernel_version` (String) Kernel version of the node.
- `infrastructure_kube_proxy_version` (String) Kube-proxy version.
- `infrastructure_kubelet_version` (String) Kubelet version.
- `infrastructure_operating_system` (String) Operating system of the node.
- `infrastructure_os_image` (String) OS image of the node.
- `name` (String) Node name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the node.
- `node_image` (String) Image of the node.
- `nodepool_name` (String) Name of the nodepool.
- `status_message` (String) Status message of the node.
- `status_state` (String) State of the node.
- `taints` (Attributes List) List of node taints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--taints))
- `zone` (String) Zone of the node.

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The address of the node.
- `type` (String) The type of the address.


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) The effect of the taint.
- `key` (String) The key of the taint.
- `value` (String) The value of the taint.
