---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_lbaas_networks Data Source - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
description: |-
  List network load balancers.
---

# mgc_lbaas_networks (Data Source)

List network load balancers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mgc_lbaas_network" "lbs" {
}

output "basic_http_lb_output" {
  value = data.mgc_lbaas_networks.lbs
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `load_balancers` (Attributes List) List of network load balancers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers))

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers`

Read-Only:

- `acls` (Attributes List) Access Control Lists for the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers--acls))
- `backends` (List of String) List of backend IDs.
- `description` (String) The description of the load balancer.
- `health_checks` (List of String) List of health check IDs.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the load balancer.
- `listeners` (List of String) List of listener IDs.
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer.
- `public_ip_id` (String) The ID of the public IP associated with the load balancer, if any.
- `subnetpool_id` (String) The ID of the subnet pool for the load balancer.
- `tls_certificates` (List of String) List of TLS certificate IDs.
- `type` (String) The type of the load balancer.
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the load balancer. Possible values: 'internal', 'external'.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC where the load balancer is deployed.

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancers.acls`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action for the ACL rule. Valid values: 'ALLOW', 'DENY', 'DENY_UNSPECIFIED'. Note: values are case-sensitive and must be uppercase.
- `ethertype` (String) The ethertype for the ACL rule.
- `name` (String) The name of the ACL rule.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the ACL rule.
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The remote IP prefix for the ACL rule.
