---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_network_security_group Data Source - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Network"
description: |-
  Network Security Group
---

# mgc_network_security_group (Data Source)

Network Security Group

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mgc_network_security_group" "example" {
  id = mgc_network_security_groups.example.id
}

output "datasource_security_group" {
  value = data.mgc_network_security_group.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the security group.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the security group.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the security group.
- `error` (String) Error message, if any.
- `external_id` (String) The external ID of the security group.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default security group.
- `name` (String) The name of the security group.
- `project_type` (String) The project type of the security group.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The rules of the security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `status` (String) The status of the security group.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID of the security group.
- `updated` (String) The last update timestamp of the security group.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID of the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the rule.
- `direction` (String) The direction of the rule.
- `error` (String) Error message, if any.
- `ethertype` (String) The ethertype of the rule.
- `id` (String) The ID of the rule.
- `port_range_max` (Number) The maximum port range of the rule.
- `port_range_min` (Number) The minimum port range of the rule.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol of the rule.
- `remote_group_id` (String) The remote group ID of the rule.
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The remote IP prefix of the rule.
- `security_group_id` (String) The security group ID of the rule.
- `status` (String) The status of the rule.
