---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Terraform Provider for Magalu Cloud
---

# mgc Provider

# Terraform Provider for Magalu Cloud

Magalu Cloud (MGC) it's the first **Brazilian** Cloud with global scale. We speak your language, we understand your reality and we are ready to accelerate your business.

The Magalu Cloud provider is used to configure your Magalu Cloud infrastructure.

With the provider you can manage:

- VPCs (subnets, security rules, public IPs)
- Virtual Machines (instances, snapshots)
- Kubernetes (clusters, nodepools)
- DBaaS (instances, replications)
- Block Storage (volumes, snapshots, VM attach)
- Object Storage (Buckets)
- The provider is in the development phase, so new Magalu Cloud features will be supported soon.

If you don't already have an account on Magalu Cloud (MGC) you can create one through our [console](https://console.magalu.cloud/login).


You can check our examples of using MGC Terraform in this [repository](https://github.com/MagaluCloud/terraform-examples/tree/main).

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    mgc = {
      source  = "magalucloud/mgc"
    }
  }
}

provider "mgc" {
  api_key = var.api_key
  region  = var.region
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_key` (String) Magalu API Key for authentication
Optionally you can set the environment variable MGC_API_KEY to override this value.
- `env` (String) Environment. Options: prod / pre-prod
Default is prod.
Optionally you can set the environment variable MGC_ENV to override this value.
- `object_storage` (Attributes) Specific Object Storage configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_storage))
- `region` (String) Region. Options: br-ne1 / br-se1
Default is br-se1.
Optionally you can set the environment variable MGC_REGION to override this value.

<a id="nestedatt--object_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage`

Optional:

- `key_pair` (Attributes) Specific Bucket Key Pair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_storage--key_pair))

<a id="nestedatt--object_storage--key_pair"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage.key_pair`

Required:

- `key_id` (String) API Key ID
Optionally you can set the environment variable MGC_OBJ_KEY_ID to override this value.
- `key_secret` (String) API Key Secret
Optionally you can set the environment variable MGC_OBJ_KEY_SECRET to override this value.
