---
page_title: "mgc_block_storage_snapshots Resource - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Block Storage"
description: |-
  The block storage snapshots resource allows you to manage block storage snapshots in the Magalu Cloud.
---

# mgc_block_storage_snapshots (Resource)

## Introduction

The mgc_block_storage_snapshots resource allows you to manage snapshots of block storage volumes in Magalu Cloud. Snapshots are useful for backup and restore operations, enabling you to capture the state of a volume at a specific point in time. For more information see the [official documentation](https://docs.magalu.cloud/docs/block-storage/overview).

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "mgc_block_storage_snapshots" "snapshot_example" {
  description = "example of description"
  name = "exemplo snapshot name"
  volume = {
    id = mgc_block_storage_volumes.example_volume.id
  }
}
```

-> For more examples, you can visit the [Magalu Cloud Terraform example repository.](https://github.com/MagaluCloud/terraform-examples)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The description of the volume snapshot.
- `name` (String) The name of the volume snapshot.
- `volume` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume))

### Optional

- `name_is_prefix` (Boolean) Indicates whether the provided name is a prefix or the exact name of the volume snapshot.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the block storage was created.
- `final_name` (String) The final name of the volume snapshot after applying any naming conventions or modifications.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the volume snapshot.
- `size` (Number) The size of the snapshot in GB.
- `state` (String) The current state of the virtual machine instance.
- `status` (String) The status of the virtual machine instance.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the block storage was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume`

Required:

- `id` (String) ID of block storage volume
