---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_block_storage_volumes Resource - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Block Storage"
description: |-
  Block storage volumes are storage devices that can be attached to virtual machines. They are used to store data and can be detached and attached to other virtual machines.
---

# mgc_block_storage_volumes (Resource)

Block storage volumes are storage devices that can be attached to virtual machines. They are used to store data and can be detached and attached to other virtual machines.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mgc_block_storage_volumes" "example_volume" {
  name              = "example-volume-renamed"
  availability_zone = "br-ne1-a"
  size              = 200
  type              = "cloud_nvme1k"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume in GB.
- `type` (String) The name of the volume type.

### Optional

- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zones where the volume is available.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Indicates if the volume is encrypted.
- `snapshot_id` (String) Create a volume from a snapshot.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the volume was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the volume.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import mgc_block_storage_volumes.example_volume 123
```
