---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_kubernetes_nodepool Resource - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints related to the creation, listing of nodepools and nodes, updating, and deletion of nodepools for a Kubernetes cluster.
---

# mgc_kubernetes_nodepool (Resource)

Endpoints related to the creation, listing of nodepools and nodes, updating, and deletion of nodepools for a Kubernetes cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) Cluster's UUID.
- `flavor` (String) Definition of the CPU, RAM, and storage capacity of the nodes.

| Flavor                     | vCPUs | RAM (GB) | Root Disk (GB) |
|----------------------------|-------|----------|----------------|
| cloud-k8s.gp1.small        | 2     | 4        | 20             |
| cloud-k8s.gp1.medium       | 4     | 8        | 50             |
| cloud-k8s.gp1.large        | 8     | 16       | 100            |
| cloud-k8s.gp2.small        | 2     | 4        | 300            |
| cloud-k8s.gp2.large        | 8     | 32       | 300            |
| cloud-k8s.hm1.medium       | 4     | 16       | 50             |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c48-r96-d300  | 48    | 96       | 300            |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c1-r8-d100    | 1     | 8        | 100            |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c8-r8-d40     | 8     | 8        | 40             |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c4-r16-d100   | 4     | 16       | 100            |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c4-r32-d100   | 4     | 32       | 100            |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c8-r32-d100   | 8     | 32       | 100            |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c16-r32-d40   | 16    | 32       | 40             |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c16-r64-d100  | 16    | 64       | 100            |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c32-r64-d100  | 32    | 64       | 100            |
| cloud-k8s.i1-c32-r128-d500 | 32    | 128      | 500            |
- `name` (String) Name of the node pool. The name is primarily for idempotence and must be unique within a namespace. The name cannot be changed.
The name must follow the following rules:
  - Must contain a maximum of 63 characters
  - Must contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters or '-'
  - Must start with an alphabetic character
  - Must end with an alphanumeric character
- `replicas` (Number) Number of replicas of the nodes in the node pool.

### Optional

- `auto_scale` (Attributes) Object specifying properties for updating workload resources in the Kubernetes cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_scale))
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags applied to the node pool.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Property associating a set of nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--taints))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date of creation of the Kubernetes cluster.
- `current_tags` (List of String) List of tags applied to the node pool.
- `id` (String) Nodepool's UUID.
- `instance_template` (Attributes) Template for the instance object used to create machine instances and managed instance groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_template))
- `labels` (Map of String) Key/value pairs attached to the object and used for specification.
- `security_groups` (List of String) Name of the security group to define rules allowing network traffic in the worker node pool.
- `status` (Attributes) Details about the status of the node pool or control plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_at` (String) Date of the last change to the Kubernetes cluster.
- `zone` (List of String) Availability zone for creating the Kubernetes cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scale`

Required:

- `max_replicas` (Number) Maximum number of replicas for autoscaling. If not provided, or if the value is equal to or less than zero, the autoscaler value will be assumed based on the "replicas" field.
- `min_replicas` (Number) Minimum number of replicas for autoscaling. If not provided, or if the value is equal to or less than zero, the autoscaler value will be assumed based on the "replicas" field.


<a id="nestedatt--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) The effect of the taint on pods that do not tolerate the taint.
- **NoSchedule**: Prevents new pods from being scheduled on the node, unless they tolerate the taint. Allows all existing pods to continue running.
- **PreferNoSchedule**: Similar to NoSchedule, but attempts not to schedule new pods on the node, rather than completely prohibiting new pod scheduling on the node.
- **NoExecute**: Removes all already running pods that do not tolerate the taint.
- `key` (String) Key of the taint to be applied to the node.
- `value` (String) Value corresponding to the taint key.


<a id="nestedatt--instance_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk attached to each node.
- `disk_type` (String) Type of disk attached to each node.
- `flavor` (Attributes) Definition of CPU capacity, RAM, and storage for nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_template--flavor))
- `node_image` (String) Operating system image running on each node.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_template--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.flavor`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Flavor.
- `name` (String) Name of the Flavor.
- `ram` (Number) Amount of RAM, measured in MB.
- `size` (Number) Amount of disk space, measured in GB.
- `vcpu` (Number) Number of available vCPUs.



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `messages` (List of String) Detailed message about the status of the node pool or control plane.
- `state` (String) Current state of the node pool or control plane.

| Component       | Possible States                                           |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| Node pool       | ScalingUp, ScalingDown, Pending, Running, Failed, Unknown |
| Control Plane   | ScalingUp, ScalingDown, Pending, Running, Failed, Unknown |
