---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mgc_virtual_machine_instances Resource - terraform-provider-mgc"
subcategory: "Virtual Machine"
description: |-
  Operations with instances, including create, delete, start, stop, reboot and other actions.
---

# mgc_virtual_machine_instances (Resource)

Operations with instances, including create, delete, start, stop, reboot and other actions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mgc_virtual_machine_instances" "basic_instance" {
  name     = "basic-instance"
  machine_type = {
    name = "cloud-bs1.xsmall"
  }
  image = {
    name = "cloud-ubuntu-22.04 LTS"
  }
  network = {
    associate_public_ip = false # If true, will create a public IP
    delete_public_ip    = false
  }

  ssh_key_name = "ssh_key"
}


resource "mgc_virtual_machine_instances" "basic_instance_with_SG" {
  name = "basic-instance"
  machine_type = {
    name = "cloud-bs1.xsmall"
  }
  image = {
    name = "cloud-ubuntu-22.04 LTS"
  }
  network = {
    associate_public_ip = false # If true, will create a public IP
    delete_public_ip = false
    interface = {
      security_groups = [{ id = "aa622bcb-6861-4251-9cdb-aaadf3" }]
    }
  }
  ssh_key_name = "ssh_key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (Attributes) The image used to create the virtual machine instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `machine_type` (Attributes) The machine type of the virtual machine instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--machine_type))
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual machine instance.

### Optional

- `name_is_prefix` (Boolean) Indicates whether the provided name is a prefix or the exact name of the virtual machine instance.
- `network` (Attributes) The network configuration of the virtual machine instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `ssh_key_name` (String) The name of the SSH key associated with the virtual machine instance. If the image is Windows, this field is not used.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the virtual machine instance was created.
- `final_name` (String) The final name of the virtual machine instance after applying any naming conventions or modifications.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the virtual machine instance.
- `state` (String) The current state of the virtual machine instance.
- `status` (String) The status of the virtual machine instance.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the virtual machine instance was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the image.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the image.


<a id="nestedatt--machine_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `machine_type`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the machine type.

Read-Only:

- `disk` (Number) The disk size of the machine type.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the machine type.
- `ram` (Number) The RAM size of the machine type.
- `vcpus` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs of the machine type.


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Required:

- `associate_public_ip` (Boolean) Indicates whether to associate a public IP address with the virtual machine instance.

Optional:

- `delete_public_ip` (Boolean) Indicates whether to delete the public IP address associated with the virtual machine instance.
- `interface` (Attributes) The network interface configuration of the virtual machine instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network--interface))
- `vpc` (Attributes) The VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) associated with the virtual machine instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network--vpc))

Read-Only:

- `ipv6` (String) The IPv6 address of the virtual machine instance.
- `private_address` (String) The private IP address of the virtual machine instance.
- `public_address` (String) The public IP address of the virtual machine instance.

<a id="nestedatt--network--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network.interface`

Optional:

- `security_groups` (Attributes List) The security groups associated with the network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network--interface--security_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--network--interface--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network.interface.security_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the security group.



<a id="nestedatt--network--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network.vpc`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the VPC.
- `name` (String) The name of the VPC.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import mgc_virtual_machine_instances.basic_instance 123
```
