---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Terraform Provider for Magalu Cloud
---

# Terraform Provider for Magalu Cloud

Magalu Cloud (MGC) it's the first **Brazilian** Cloud with global scale. We speak your language, we understand your reality and we are ready to accelerate your business.

The Magalu Cloud provider is used to configure your Magalu Cloud infrastructure.

With the provider you can manage:
- Availability zones
- Block Storage (volumes, snapshots, VM attach)
- DBaaS (instances, replications)
- Container Registry (registries)
- Kubernetes (clusters, nodepools)
- Object Storage (Buckets)
- Virtual Machines (instances, snapshots)
- VPCs (subnets, security rules, public IPs)

The provider is in the development phase, so new Magalu Cloud features will be supported soon.

If you don't already have an account on Magalu Cloud (MGC) you can create one through our [console](https://console.magalu.cloud/login).

You can check our examples of using MGC Terraform in this [repository](https://github.com/MagaluCloud/terraform-examples/).

Learn more about the provider in the [official documentation](https://docs.magalu.cloud/docs/docs).

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    mgc = {
      source  = "magalucloud/mgc"
    }
  }
}

provider "mgc" {
  api_key = var.api_key
  region  = var.region
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_key` (String) The Magalu API Key for authentication.

### Optional

- `env` (String) The environment to use. Options: prod / pre-prod. Default is prod.
- `object_storage` (Attributes) Configuration settings for Object Storage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_storage))
- `region` (String) The region to use for resources. Options: br-ne1 / br-se1. Default is br-se1.

<a id="nestedatt--object_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage`

Optional:

- `key_pair` (Attributes) Bucket Key Pair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--object_storage--key_pair))

<a id="nestedatt--object_storage--key_pair"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage.key_pair`

Required:

- `key_id` (String) The API Key ID.
- `key_secret` (String) The API Key Secret.

## Contributing

You can contribute to an [open issue](https://github.com/MagaluCloud/terraform-provider-mgc/issues/new/choose)
to report a bug or suggest improvements and new features.
